## Answers from PR
Englisch erst mal oke, Translation would be great
Second presentation would be great in english

## Questions
Can we do a demo in front of the chair?
-> If call unrecorded and curated data and instructions to the audience would be good. Script for demo presentation to Luke, to review, if we would run into trouble with personal information

Internal data format process?
-> results of 3 systems. 1 reducted conversation data of saver project. overall surveys via the radio 
2 individual basis replies 1 to 1 coms platform
Problem -> move from 1 to 2 lost demographic data -> useless for us

Gave us reducted conversation from 1 to give demographics.
In the end makes sense to give us data only outcome. 

Give in json format? no -> convert it ourselfes should use python library because of csv crap

Should switch to their age grouping -> under 14 as stop

## All In One Feedback
Messages wegmachen, stören
Multi-Select bigger
Scrolling in statistics does not work
Show which centroid it was stastics panel
Edit themes of theme group
not move existing centroids when adding groups
useful tool to play with.. awesome
stable version of this
overwrite global coloring in single canvases

## Statistics Panel
Same color for control panels -> yes please
switch between views? -> worried might be misleading
stacked bar chart is important
normalization is complicated but -> select area and normalize it against a variable
Turn it into a own canvas and embed it in the system with a dependency mechanism

## Moving dots
difficult layout -> lively window
deactivating all other themes when pressing activate themes is unexected
parking area good -> communicate more that its a parking area
luke likes mess in parking area
people moving is good design pattern
larger canvas
color might be interessting (demographic)
remove select ui
grouping is useful, let interaction pattern be like photoshop / illustrator when grouping things
